docs/videos.md, before:

# videos and more

> Collection of helpful or interesting videos on various topics, in no particular order

- no-prefix specifies videos.
- **A:** specifies articles.
- **M:** specifies movies.
- **S:** specifies series.

<details>
<summary><strong>Table of Contents</strong></summary>

<!-- toc -->

- [Technology](#technology)
  * [Internet](#internet)
  * [Linux](#linux)
    + [Tools](#tools)
    + [Arch](#arch)
    + [Vim](#vim)
    + [Hardware](#hardware)
  * [Software Industry](#software-industry)
    + [JavaScript](#javascript)
- [Entertainment](#entertainment)
  * [Games](#games)
- [Life](#life)
  * [Political](#political)
  * [Understanding other people](#understanding-other-people)

<!-- tocstop -->

</details>

## Technology

- A: Why we need more stupid programms and why facebook and apple are making us worse users: [Turing Complete User](http://contemporary-home-computing.org/turing-complete-user)

### Internet

- Getting a domain: [Cheap or Free Domain Names (and DNS and WHOIS info)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkV1-BuRrpE)
- Getting web hosting: [4 Hosting Types Compared: Free and Paid Hosting and VPS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMmR5UVOz8Q) (If in DE check out [uberspace](https://uberspace.de/), shared hosting with many of the upsides of a VPS)
- A: How IoT devices will become a massive threat with their increased adoption: [The Internet of Things Will Turn Large-Scale Hacks into Real World Disasters](https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/qkjzwp/the-internet-of-things-will-cause-the-first-ever-large-scale-internet-disaster)
- A: Choosing a vpn: [That One Privacy Guy's - Guide to Choosing the Best VPN (for you)](https://www.reddit.com/r/VPN/comments/4iho8e/that_one_privacy_guys_guide_to_choosing_the_best/?st=iu9u47u7&sh=459a76f2)

#### Surveillance

- A: An alternative to the current state of survailance: [A radical proposal to keep your personal data safe](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/apr/03/facebook-abusing-data-law-privacy-big-tech-surveillance)

### Linux

- Why people use free- over propriety software: [Why Use Free Software?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btHano6wHgA)
- Why the terminal is better than a grapical user interface: [Is the Terminal just for Insufferable Hipsters?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4g-du1MIas)
- The power of pipes by example: [Layin' down Pipes like a Unix Chad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8E8sUNHdzG8)
- A: What maintainers do and why they are integral to the linux ecosystem: [Maintainers Matter](http://kmkeen.com/maintainers-matter/)

#### Tools

- Write presentations in markdown: [The Easiest Way to Make Presentations! (Pandoc + Markdown)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dum7q6UXiCE)
- Connect your phone via cable: [How to Mount Android Phones in Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcmJg4OfKzs)

#### Arch

- How to use pacman (archs package manager): [Using Pacman on Arch Linux: Everything you need to know](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dEuXTMzRKs)
- Basic arch install: [Full Arch Linux Install (SAVAGE Edition!)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PBqpX0_UOc) [After a Minimal Linux Install: Graphical Envionment and Users](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSHOb8YU9Gw)
- Portable keyboard bindings: [Binding Keys *Universally* in Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ClckQzJTlk)
- dwm intro: [Suckless's dwm: So easy even a caveman could do it!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unqsQJaECv0)

#### Vim

- How to easily build language specific macros: [Start Turning vim into a /comfy/ IDE!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4I_Ft-VLAg)

#### Hardware

- Thinkpad comparisons: [Which ThinkPad Should You Get? (And Libreboot notes)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=La3sb5y7e-k)

### Software Industry

- What is your (job) market value as a programmer?: [Your market value](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlps8geRwDM)
- Why you need to learn a language in-depth (saying refers to expressing an idea in code) _[snippet]_: [Why don't some big websites use React?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oTVvBlWvNs&feature=youtu.be&t=300)
- Why your first job should be with a bigger company: [Should I work for a big company or a small one?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSirn_2mf6U)
- Finding a good company as a junior developer: [Finding the right employer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kka7sis8rxI)

#### JavaScript

- Expectation if you're a JS dev compared to more stable languages like java: [How do I increase my value as a programmer on the job market?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_l0ZZGKrAo)
- A: How node.js process a lot of requests concurrently: [How, in general, does Node.js handle 10,000 concurrent requests?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34855352/how-in-general-does-node-js-handle-10-000-concurrent-requests)

## Entertainment

- How Wrestling tells unique stories: [Why Professional Wrestling is Fascinating](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQCPj-bGYro)
- Building a hut from scratch in the wild (Subtitles for commentary): [Primitive Technology: Tiled Roof Hut](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P73REgj-3UE)
- Why you should watch redline (the best anime movie you've never heard of): [Why Redline is an Amazing Movie, and Why That Matters Today](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUeaYaI-VAI)
- How anime and otaku culture came to be: Anime and Otaku | Down the Rabbit Hole [Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZsFQPdU2dw) [Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brF1zVXG5_0)
- How a new generation of "battle" manga tell unique stories: ["Non Battle" Battle Anime](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkg9BhISfdA)

### Games

- On the state of the games industry and why you need to stop financially supporting companies like EA and Bethesda: [Bethesda VS Critics: How To Save The Games Industry](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6NiXAdMzEk)
- A look into speedrunning: [Speedrunning Is Awesome, And Here's Why](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5auJOBC828)

### Art
#### Simpsonwave

- [Sunday Schoool](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTfa-9aCTYg)
- [Crisis](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCb3rblTEds)
- [Bart on the Road](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_rC-495Z_A)

Related: [The Bizarre Modern Reality of The Simpsons](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8er83V2OJ1o)

## Life

- "If you want to improve your life, don't do it by adding extra junk to it, do it by taking things away": [Do you know the Via Negativa](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjBIqnTC1nk)
- Why social media isn't that great for you: [Social Media: Anything for Upcummies! ⬆🍆💦💦](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjbyDU0WzYI)

### Political

- The dangers of spreading unresearched information as if it were the truth: [Understanding Superficial Political Opinions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vVEV2gLxGY)
- Why you should care about climate change: [The Apocalypse](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6GodWn4XMM)
- How capitalism is the root of many problems: What's Wrong with Capitalism [Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJW4-cOZt8A) [Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AR7ryg1w_IQ)
- An overview of how americas systemic racism is alive and well today: [America: Still Racist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWwiUIVpmNY)

### Understanding other people

- Transgender: [ContraPoints](https://www.youtube.com/user/ContraPoints/videos) - Especially ["Are Traps Gay?"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PbBzhqJK3bg)
- S: African-Americans: [ATLANTA](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4288182/), [The Boondocks](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0373732)
- M: Comedians: [Jerry Seinfeld: Comedian](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0328962) [[nf](https://www.netflix.com/watch/60024976)]

Commit message:

Add anime edits to videos

docs/videos.md, after:

# videos and more

> Collection of helpful or interesting videos on various topics, in no particular order

- no-prefix specifies videos.
- **A:** specifies articles.
- **M:** specifies movies.
- **S:** specifies series.

<details>
<summary><strong>Table of Contents</strong></summary>

<!-- toc -->

- [Technology](#technology)
  * [Internet](#internet)
  * [Linux](#linux)
    + [Tools](#tools)
    + [Arch](#arch)
    + [Vim](#vim)
    + [Hardware](#hardware)
  * [Software Industry](#software-industry)
    + [JavaScript](#javascript)
- [Entertainment](#entertainment)
  * [Games](#games)
- [Life](#life)
  * [Political](#political)
  * [Understanding other people](#understanding-other-people)

<!-- tocstop -->

</details>

## Technology

- A: Why we need more stupid programms and why facebook and apple are making us worse users: [Turing Complete User](http://contemporary-home-computing.org/turing-complete-user)

### Internet

- Getting a domain: [Cheap or Free Domain Names (and DNS and WHOIS info)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkV1-BuRrpE)
- Getting web hosting: [4 Hosting Types Compared: Free and Paid Hosting and VPS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMmR5UVOz8Q) (If in DE check out [uberspace](https://uberspace.de/), shared hosting with many of the upsides of a VPS)
- A: How IoT devices will become a massive threat with their increased adoption: [The Internet of Things Will Turn Large-Scale Hacks into Real World Disasters](https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/qkjzwp/the-internet-of-things-will-cause-the-first-ever-large-scale-internet-disaster)
- A: Choosing a vpn: [That One Privacy Guy's - Guide to Choosing the Best VPN (for you)](https://www.reddit.com/r/VPN/comments/4iho8e/that_one_privacy_guys_guide_to_choosing_the_best/?st=iu9u47u7&sh=459a76f2)

#### Surveillance

- A: An alternative to the current state of survailance: [A radical proposal to keep your personal data safe](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/apr/03/facebook-abusing-data-law-privacy-big-tech-surveillance)

### Linux

- Why people use free- over propriety software: [Why Use Free Software?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btHano6wHgA)
- Why the terminal is better than a grapical user interface: [Is the Terminal just for Insufferable Hipsters?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4g-du1MIas)
- The power of pipes by example: [Layin' down Pipes like a Unix Chad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8E8sUNHdzG8)
- A: What maintainers do and why they are integral to the linux ecosystem: [Maintainers Matter](http://kmkeen.com/maintainers-matter/)

#### Tools

- Write presentations in markdown: [The Easiest Way to Make Presentations! (Pandoc + Markdown)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dum7q6UXiCE)
- Connect your phone via cable: [How to Mount Android Phones in Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcmJg4OfKzs)

#### Arch

- How to use pacman (archs package manager): [Using Pacman on Arch Linux: Everything you need to know](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dEuXTMzRKs)
- Basic arch install: [Full Arch Linux Install (SAVAGE Edition!)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PBqpX0_UOc) [After a Minimal Linux Install: Graphical Envionment and Users](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSHOb8YU9Gw)
- Portable keyboard bindings: [Binding Keys *Universally* in Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ClckQzJTlk)
- dwm intro: [Suckless's dwm: So easy even a caveman could do it!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unqsQJaECv0)

#### Vim

- How to easily build language specific macros: [Start Turning vim into a /comfy/ IDE!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4I_Ft-VLAg)

#### Hardware

- Thinkpad comparisons: [Which ThinkPad Should You Get? (And Libreboot notes)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=La3sb5y7e-k)

### Software Industry

- What is your (job) market value as a programmer?: [Your market value](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlps8geRwDM)
- Why you need to learn a language in-depth (saying refers to expressing an idea in code) _[snippet]_: [Why don't some big websites use React?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oTVvBlWvNs&feature=youtu.be&t=300)
- Why your first job should be with a bigger company: [Should I work for a big company or a small one?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSirn_2mf6U)
- Finding a good company as a junior developer: [Finding the right employer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kka7sis8rxI)

#### JavaScript

- Expectation if you're a JS dev compared to more stable languages like java: [How do I increase my value as a programmer on the job market?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_l0ZZGKrAo)
- A: How node.js process a lot of requests concurrently: [How, in general, does Node.js handle 10,000 concurrent requests?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34855352/how-in-general-does-node-js-handle-10-000-concurrent-requests)

## Entertainment

- How Wrestling tells unique stories: [Why Professional Wrestling is Fascinating](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQCPj-bGYro)
- Building a hut from scratch in the wild (Subtitles for commentary): [Primitive Technology: Tiled Roof Hut](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P73REgj-3UE)
- Why you should watch redline (the best anime movie you've never heard of): [Why Redline is an Amazing Movie, and Why That Matters Today](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUeaYaI-VAI)
- How anime and otaku culture came to be: Anime and Otaku | Down the Rabbit Hole [Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZsFQPdU2dw) [Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brF1zVXG5_0)
- How a new generation of "battle" manga tell unique stories: ["Non Battle" Battle Anime](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkg9BhISfdA)

### Games

- On the state of the games industry and why you need to stop financially supporting companies like EA and Bethesda: [Bethesda VS Critics: How To Save The Games Industry](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6NiXAdMzEk)
- A look into speedrunning: [Speedrunning Is Awesome, And Here's Why](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5auJOBC828)

### Art
#### Simpsonwave

- [Sunday Schoool](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTfa-9aCTYg)
- [Crisis](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCb3rblTEds)
- [Bart on the Road](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_rC-495Z_A)

Related: [The Bizarre Modern Reality of The Simpsons](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8er83V2OJ1o)

#### Anime Edits

- [AKATSUKI GANG ft. $UICIDEBOY$](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wmRQUc96yM)
- [Not what it looks like #VHS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPUzhKjsnBM)

## Life

- "If you want to improve your life, don't do it by adding extra junk to it, do it by taking things away": [Do you know the Via Negativa](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjBIqnTC1nk)
- Why social media isn't that great for you: [Social Media: Anything for Upcummies! ⬆🍆💦💦](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjbyDU0WzYI)

### Political

- The dangers of spreading unresearched information as if it were the truth: [Understanding Superficial Political Opinions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vVEV2gLxGY)
- Why you should care about climate change: [The Apocalypse](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6GodWn4XMM)
- How capitalism is the root of many problems: What's Wrong with Capitalism [Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJW4-cOZt8A) [Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AR7ryg1w_IQ)
- An overview of how americas systemic racism is alive and well today: [America: Still Racist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWwiUIVpmNY)

### Understanding other people

- Transgender: [ContraPoints](https://www.youtube.com/user/ContraPoints/videos) - Especially ["Are Traps Gay?"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PbBzhqJK3bg)
- S: African-Americans: [ATLANTA](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4288182/), [The Boondocks](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0373732)
- M: Comedians: [Jerry Seinfeld: Comedian](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0328962) [[nf](https://www.netflix.com/watch/60024976)]
